docs(router): Update router docs to use guard functions instead of @Injectable (#47989)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/router-tutorial-toh.md

Write a `canActivate()` guard method to redirect anonymous users to the login page when they try to enter the admin area.

> Create an `authGuard` function in the `auth` folder.

Reviewer: We can probably add a bit more info:
```suggestion
Create a new file called `<NAME>` in the `auth` folder. The `<NAME>` file would contain the `authGuard` function.
```

use a `canMatch` guard to control whether the `Router` even attempts to activate a `Route`. This allows you to have
multiple `Route` configurations which share the same `path` but are matched based on different conditions. In addition, this approach
can allow the `Router` to match the wildcard `Route` instead.

<code-example path="router/src/app/admin/admin-routing.module.2.ts" header="src/app/admin/admin-routing.module.ts (guarded admin route)" region="can-match"></code-example>

<a id="can-activate-child-guard"></a>

### `canActivateChild`: guarding child routes

You can also protect child routes with the `canActivateChild` guard.
The `canActivateChild` guard is similar to the `canActivate` guard.
The key difference is that it runs before any child route is activated.

You protected the admin feature module from unauthorized access.
You should also protect child routes *within* the feature module.

Extend the `authGuard` to protect when navigating between the `admin` routes.
Open `auth.guard.ts` and add the `CanActivateChildFn` interface to the imported tokens from the router package.

> Next, indicate the method acts as a `canActivateChild` guard as well bya dding `|CanActivateChildFn` to the type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, indicate the method acts as a `canActivateChild` guard as well by adding `|CanActivateChildFn` to the type.
```

If the crisis is not found, the router navigates back to the crisis list view.

The experience might be better if all of this were handled first, before the route is activated.
A `crisisDetailResolver` could retrieve a `Crisis` or navigate away, if the `Crisis` did not exist, *before* activating the route and creating the `CrisisDetailComponent`.

> Create a `crisisDetailResolver` file within the `Crisis Center` feature area.

Reviewer: It looks like the file name is incorrect here:
```suggestion
Create a `crisisDetailResolver` file within the `Crisis Center` feature area.
```
